Setting things up:
1) Install JRE. JRE is JAVA RUNTIME ENVIROMENT. JRE is needed in order to run 
	JAVA programs. 
2) Install JDK. JDK is JAVA DEVELOPMENT KIT. JDK allows you to create JAVA 
	program yourself. 
	*** Make sure match your jdk version to your jre version. ***
3) Eclipse IDE. IDE stands for Integrated Development Enviroment. 

JAVA is the most used programming language. 
JAVA class has .java extension. JAVA is human readable. Once you write .java, then 
you turn your JAVA file to binary file using Javac (which is part of JDK). 
But you usually use IDE to write java code. Once you get one binary file for each java file.
These binary file has extension .class. Java Virtual Machine (JVM) reads this class file. 
JVM is VM that is running on your machine. JVM is extra layer on your machine. That's why 
JAVA is write once and run everywhere. JRE sets up and creates and run JVM. 

You can not have two classes with same class name in a single package. 

Shortcut:
Ctrl+T = Open new tab in browser, user Command instead of Ctrl in Mac
Alt+Click on image = download image off of website
F.LUX adjust the screen brightness
who is on my wifi 
RECUVA can recover permanently deleted file
Ctrl+Q = exit your web browser

Ctrl+Shift+T : TO SEE INFO ABOUT CLASS

Stack and Heap:
Stack: all the vaiables and methods created are stored in stack. 
Stacks are FILO (First In Last Out). 

Heap:
Variable/Method stores in Stack points to objects in Heap. 
Bank bank = new Bank(); //new Bank() is stored in heap. 
new statement creates in Heap. 

Once the variable does not point to new in Heap, then Garbage 
collection happens. 


.NET Frameworks

While creating first projects
1) Select visual c#, .Net framework and you can give the path where you want to have your projects
2) You can select the framework you want to use for .NET.
3) And then you can write program. Your starting point is program.cs. 
4) namespace is like package in JAVA.
5) Once you finsih writing program, you can write click your project on solution explorer
   and build it. While building this, it will create bin directory in your project.
   The bin directory will have your .exe or .dll. You can directly click your either .dll or
   .exe and run it or you can run your project from visual studio. 
   run gitk to see changes visually

